Update env.md (#27)
julia-vscode/docs: docs/src/userguide/env.md

# Julia Environments

> The **status bar** displays the active Julia environment. The **status bar** enables you to change between multiple Julia environments, or versions of Julia. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **status bar** displays the active Julia environment. The **status bar** enables you to change between multiple Julia environments. 
```
Changing the Julia environment doesn't change the Julia version.

For example, if you have a project open in VSCode and you are currently working in v 1.4 (Julia env: 1.4) and want to switch to v 1.5 (Julia env: 1.5), follow the instructions below: 

1. Click on the **status bar** where `Julia env: v1.4` is displayed and a drop down appears with global environments that are avaliable to you.
2. Select the `v 1.5` environment.  Your active Julia environment is Julia 1.5. 

> Switching between different enviornments enables you to use different packages that are avaliable to you in VSCode such as code completion. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switching between different environments enables you to use various IDE features for the packages in the environment, e.g. code completion, jump to source, or linting. 
```
